Update OEE to 10.17 and Shifts feature. (#1238)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/oee/oee-administration-bundle/machine-profiles.md

Once you have saved a profile, the selected machine cannot be changed.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

#### Location

> The location indicates where the machine is located. It is used to apply a shift plan to this profile. See the [Shift Plans](/oee/oee-administration/#shiftplan) section for more details regarding shift plans and the calculation implications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location indicates where the machine is located. It is used to apply a shift plan to this profile. See [Working with shift plans](/oee/oee-administration/#shiftplan) for more details regarding shift plans and the calculation implications.
```

### Resolution

> Next, define the resolution intervals. The default interval is mandatory and will define the interval that is used for this machine in the Organization Overview. It will also influence OEE calculation intervals for Sites and Lines that do not have a dedicated profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, define the resolution intervals. The default interval is mandatory and will define the interval that is used for this machine in the **Overview**. It will also influence OEE calculation intervals for sites and lines that do not have a dedicated profile.
```

> Next, define the resolution intervals. The default interval is mandatory and will define the interval that is used for this machine in the Organization Overview. It will also influence OEE calculation intervals for Sites and Lines that do not have a dedicated profile.

Author: It depends. In the drop-down boxes, they're one word and it's `Site`, `Line`. In the Overview, it can be a label in all caps. In other places throughout the UI, though it's just lower case.
